Hi everybody and welcome back.
Now as we just had an introduction lecture and the lecture we're going to be creating our book class.
So each instance created from the book class will store and name a price and a publisher I don't have
the ability to be a hardback soft black or an e-book.
So let's look at creating the book class now like we did with our functions.
We start off by defining our class.
So instead of T.F. we have C L S S and the name of our class book two brackets colon.
Now we put in our description
class to create a book and we close the description and that's done in the same way that we did with
functions.
Next we have a function DPF So this is familiar to us all underscore underscore and I t underscore underscore.
Now I'll explain more about this what this function is in just a short while.
So what we put in next is our parameters self.
Let's get back to that now and a second but we then we have the name of our book The Price of our book
and the publisher OK.
Don't forget our COLA.
And again like when we were defining functions we have to put in a description
here we have initialized the name price and publisher
attributes.
Now just follow along with me I'm going to explain everything in detail in just a few minutes.
No.
So self-taught name equals name self stock price equals price oh Slough self
equals price self-taught publisher
equals publisher.
There we go.
These actually just need to be indented.
I don't know why they didn't indent after a function description but we indent them now just to make
sure our program runs without error.
Now next we create functions describe different parts of the book so we have hard back self Colan
simulates a hard back
ok print self name title or name in a book.
Plus is a hardback
and as always when we have comments when we have strings we need to put in quotes
and we go now and get a function.
So if back I was about to write software self back
no simulate
a book being a self back
print self name title
plus quotes is a self back book.
And then finally we're going to have one more.
And this is going to be our e-book book Self
simulate
an e-book.
OK almost there.
Now don't worry there's a lot of code here but don't worry we're going to go through it now in detail
in just a few moments.
Self-taught.
Name that title plus
is an e-book.
OK now so like I just said there's a lot going on here but we've become very familiar with all of that
by the end of this section.
There was also some familiar parents.
So don't be too scared and let's jump in.
We start off by defining our class called book.
So here we go at line 5 we define our class in pite and capitalize names refer to a class.
So we capitalized the name book the brackets in the class definition are empty because we're creating
this class from scratch.
We then write a simple description of what the class does.
So a class to create a book in the next lecture we're going describe I an I.T. method which is a special
pipe method that runs automatically whenever we create a new instance based on our pop class.
So thanks for listening.
I hope this wasn't too scary but stick with me and we'll get through this together.
See you in the next lecture.